responsive images stable (#11741)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/experimental-flags/responsive-images.mdx

## Configuration settings

Set [`image.experimentalLayout`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#imagelayout) with a default value to enable responsive images throughout your project.

If this value is not configured, you can still pass a `layout` prop to any `<Image />` or `<Picture />` component to create a responsive image. However, Markdown images will not be responsive.

> Optionally, you can configure [`image.experimentalObjectFit`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#imageobjectfit) and [`image.experimentalObjectPosition`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#imageobjectposition) which will apply to all processed images by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, you can configure [`image.experimentalObjectFit`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#imageobjectfit) and [`image.experimentalObjectPosition`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#imageobjectposition) which will apply to all processed images by default.
```
```suggestion
Optionally, you can configure [`image.objectFit`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#imageobjectfit) and [`image.experimentalObjectPosition`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#imageobjectposition) which will apply to all processed images by default.
```

These are additional properties available to the `<Image />` and `<Picture />` components when responsive images are enabled:

> - `layout`: The [layout type](#image-layout) for the image. Can be `constrained`, `fixed`, `full-width`, or `none`. If set to `none`, responsive behavior is disabled for this image and all other options are ignored. Defaults to `none`, or the value of [`image.experimentalLayout`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#imagelayout) if set.
> - `fit`: Defines how the image should be cropped if the aspect ratio is changed. Values match those of CSS `object-fit`. Defaults to `cover`, or the value of [`image.experimentalObjectFit`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#imageobjectfit) if set.
> - `position`: Defines the position of the image crop if the aspect ratio is changed. Values match those of CSS `object-position`. Defaults to `center`, or the value of [`image.experimentalObjectPosition`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#imageobjectposition) if set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `layout`: The [layout type](#image-layout) for the image. Can be `constrained`, `fixed`, `full-width`, or `none`. If set to `none`, responsive behavior is disabled for this image and all other options are ignored. Defaults to `none`, or the value of [`image.layout`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#imagelayout) if set.
- `fit`: Defines how the image should be cropped if the aspect ratio is changed. Values match those of CSS `object-fit`. Defaults to `cover`, or the value of [`image.objectFit`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#imageobjectfit) if set.
- `position`: Defines the position of the image crop if the aspect ratio is changed. Values match those of CSS `object-position`. Defaults to `center`, or the value of [`image.objectPosition`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#imageobjectposition) if set.
```
